I dreamed I was there in hillbilly heaven
Oh, what a beautiful sight!
And I met all the stars in hillbilly heaven
Oh, what a star-spangled night!

Last night, I dreamed I went to hillbilly heaven
And just as I arrived, the old curtain lifted
And there on stage stood, who else, but Roy Aikcuff and Tex Ritter!
They said, "Well, how you doing? Come on in here, I know there's some folks you wanna see!
Over there's our newest member, your old friend Conway Twitty! Say hello, darlin'!
And there's gentlemen Jim Reeves, singin' with Heaven's choir
Roger Miller, he just got here, he's making everybody laugh
'Course you know Roy Orbison can sing just as high as anybody here
And Ernest Tubb can sing as low!
And Patsy Cline, well, bet she's the best singin' angel here
And Dottie West is probably the prettiest
There's the old pea-picker, Ernie Ford, Jimmy Rodgers, George Morgan, Hank Williams
And the wandering boy, Web Pierce
The old honky-tonker himself Lefty Frizzell
My goodness, what a group!
Would you just listen to Mother Mabel
Over there pickin' the wildwood flower with the angel band?
You know I personally think she's just about God's favorite
And Marty Robbins, well, he's still getting more encores than anybody else up here, just like he used to down on earth
Yeah, well, there's Elvis
They still call him the King but we know they're not talking about the real king up here!"

I dreamed I was there
In hillbilly heaven
Oh, what a star-studded night!

Then I ask Roy and Tex, I said, "Well, who do you think will be showin' up, say, within the next 40, 50, 60-years?"
They handed me a big tallybook and, in it, I saw names like Johnny Cash, George Jones, Merle Haggard, Don Gibson, Mel Tillis, Farren Young, Kitty Wells
Some of the newer ones like Vince Gill and Garth Brooks
'Course they talked about Minnie Pearl, the Judds, Tanya Tucker, Reba McIntyre, Hank Jr
Oh, of course, Buck Owens, Roy Rodgers, Gene Altry, Randy Travis, and Willie Nelson, there's old Chet!
I said, "Well, where's Porter Wagoner's name?"
Oh, there it is!
And then there was Loretta Lynn, and Tammy Wynette, and Dolly Parton! (gasp)
That's when I woke up!

I dreamed I was there
In hillbilly heaven
Oh, what a beautiful sight!
And I met all the stars in hillbilly heaven
Oh, what a star-spangled night!